Introduction
Welcome to the creating base Docker image lab. Your assignment for this exercise is to create a base Docker image using the debootstrap utility and run nginx process inside a container using port 8080.
Tasks
In this exercise you will create a base Docker image using the debootstrap utility and run nginx process inside a container using port 8080.
Task 1. Install the debootstrap and dirmngr packages and create a base Debian system
Task 2. Mount the udev, devpts, proc and sysfs filesystems inside the base Debian system
Task 3. Create an archive and use Docker to import an image
Task 4. Create a Dockerfile using nginx and build an image
Task 5. Run nginx process inside a container using port 8080

Solution:
https://sleeplessbeastie.eu/2018/04/11/how-to-create-base-docker-image/

2. Building Python Web App on Docker Compose
Introduction
Welcome to the building Python Web App on Docker Compose lab. Your assignment for this exercise is to build a Python web application and run it inside a Docker Container using Docker Compose.
Tasks
In this exercise you will build a Python web application and run it inside a Docker Container using Docker Compose.
Task 1. Create a directory titled sampleapp and a file titled app.py in the project directory
Task 2. Create a requirements.txt file for dependency management
Task 3. Create a Dockerfile to build a Docker image
Task 4. Define services in a Compose file
Task 5. Build and run a Python Web App with Compose

3. Configuring Docker Seccomp
Introduction
Welcome to the configuring Docker Seccomp lab. Your assignment for this exercise is to define Seccomp profile and start a Container applying the Seccomp profile on it.
Tasks
In this exercise you will define Seccomp profile and start a Container applying the Seccomp profile on it.
Task 1. Verify if the host’s kernel support Seccomp
Task 2. Download Docker’s official default profile and define custom Seccomp profile
Task 3. Start Docker container applying Seccomp

4. Docker Compose and WordPress
Introduction
Welcome to the Docker Compose and WordPress lab. Your assignment for this exercise is to create and build a Docker project that starts WordPress and a separate MySQL instance using Docker Compose.

Tasks
In this exercise you will create and build a Docker project that starts WordPress and a separate MySQL instance using Docker Compose.
Task 1. Verify and check the version of Docker and Docker-compose, and create a project
Task 2. Create a docker-compose.yml file and add MySQL service
Task 3. Append WordPress services to YML file
Task 4. Create and run container instances

5. Building Docker Containers
Introduction
Welcome to the Building Docker Containers lab. Your assignment for this exercise is to build, manage and distribute Docker images.
Tasks
In this exercise you will build, manage, and distribute Docker images.
Task 1. Create an image using Dockerfile
Task 2. List all existing images with their repository and tag in a table format
Task 3. List and remove all dangling images
Task 4. Rename an image without rebuilding
Task 5. Create a Docker Hub account
Task 6. Create a repository and push an image to share

6. Managing Swarm Node
Introduction
Welcome to the Managing Swarm Node lab. Your assignment for this exercise is to create a Docker Swarm, add Nodes to the Swarm and deploy application components as Docker services.
Tasks
In this exercise you will create a Docker Swarm, add Nodes to the Swarm and deploy application components as Docker services.
Task 1. Create a Swarm cluster and add Node
Task 2. Create an application
Task 3. Deploy the application

7. Docker User-defined Bridge Network
Introduction
Welcome to the Docker User-defined Bridge Network lab. Your assignment for this exercise is to create a user-defined bridge network and connect a Container to the user-defined bridge network.
Tasks
In this exercise you will create a user-defined bridge network and connect a Container to the user-defined bridge network.
Task 1. List all the networks
Task 2. Create a user-defined bridge network
Task 3. Inspect the network
Task 4. Create a container and connect it to the network

8. Docker Trusted Image Sandbox
Introduction
Welcome to the Docker Trusted Image Sandbox lab. Your assignment for this exercise is to build a Docker trusted Image Sandbox using Docker Compose and test trust operations on the Sandbox.
Tasks
In this exercise you will build a Docker trusted Image Sandbox using Docker Compose and test trust operations on the Sandbox.
Task 1. Build Docker trusted Image Sandbox using Docker-compose
Task 2. Test trust operations on the Sandbox
